# Confidential AI Example

This repository contains a Dockerized client application for a Confidential AI/LLM Service example. This `confai-promter.py` app leverages the `Attested-TLS` protocol, implemented in the GENXT `confido` library. The confido library is a confdential computing middleware that serves as a specialised TLS certificate handler that, using a chain of cryptographically interlinked messages, verifies the authenticity and integrity of the entire software stack of the remote VM running the inference engine. It also independently verifies the CPU-signed evidence of the VM’s memory isolation. Within the Attested-TLS protocol, the CPU implementation is the only explicit trust anchor expected by the user.

## Requirements 

This example works on any platform and only requires [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) and `make` to be installed.

## Installing Make

### On Ubuntu/Debian

You can install `make` on Ubuntu or any other Debian-based system by running the following command in your terminal:

```bash
sudo apt-get install make
```

### On CentOS/RHEL

On CentOS, RHEL, or any other RedHat-based system, you can use the following command:

```bash
sudo yum install make
```

### On macOS

If you have Homebrew installed, you can install make by running:

```bash
brew install make
```

If you don't have Homebrew, you can install it by following the instructions on the [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) website.

## Usage

You can run the following commands using `make`:

- `make build`: This command builds the Docker image with the tag `confidential-ai-example`. It creates a containerised environment with all the required dependencies, including the `confido` Attested-TLS library, the `httpx` standard HTTP client (which supports user-defined trusted TLS certificates), and the open-source [OpenAI](https://pypi.org/project/openai/) library for interacting with LLM inference engines.

- `make chat`: This command runs the Docker container and executes the `confai-promter.py` Python script. 

The `confido` library, configured by `confai-promter.py`, outputs debug messages during the verification of the Attested-TLS Evidence. This evidence includes the Trusted Platform Module (TPM) cryptographic report, as well as GPU and CPU Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) Remote Attestation reports. Notably, all these reports are cryptographically interconnected, and this interconnection is independently verified by the `confido` client library against CPU and GPU vendors' certificates and well-known software hash-sums.

## Example 

For an example of the output generated by running the `make chat` command, refer to the [example-output.md](example-output.md) file.

